Five days after Bill Clinton's impeachment, Brett Kavanaugh urged the independent counsel pursue a criminal indictment of the president until after he left office https://nyti.ms/2Mi5vdy $
Many elderly patients never quite recover from a hospital visit. Why?$
After serving in Iraq, where he went on more than 200 combat missions, Nico Walker became an opioid addict and serial bank robber. Now he's written an unsettling literary novel that draws on his experience.$
The Trump administration is planning to suspend examinations of lenders for violations of the Military Lending Act, which was devised to protect military service members and their families from financial fraud$
Nonfiction: Black, Gay and Becoming Visible$
An estimated 100,000 people gathered in Bucharest’s Piata Victoriei to express their anger at the Romanian government, with tens of thousands protesting in other cities across the country. Chief among their grievances: corruption.$
Casey Legler was the first woman to sign to the men’s board at Ford Models, but that is far from the only interesting thing about her life$
How a guy randomly messing around on the internet one night uncovered new information about Langston Hughes’s early life & birth$
Phys Ed: Why We All Need to Drink More During Hot Weather Exercise$
It's easier than ever to watch European soccer on TV. Except when it's not. @kevinmdraper tried to get a handle on an increasingly cluttered, confusing (and expensive) endeavor for American viewers.$
ProPublica will fund investigative reporting projects by 7 local news organizations beginning next year$
36 Hours in Boise (and beyond): Enjoy frontier charm, fine food, and — Basque culture?$
“What Argentina did was mobilize young women and create the memory that we almost won. They changed the way we talk about abortion." A push to legalize abortion failed in Argentina, but a movement was born.$
Raising Retirement Age Stirs Russia Protests and Cracks Party Unity$
A New York Times analysis found that many religious health care institutions will not perform certain procedures, but do not make that clear up front$
Chloë Grace Moretz on whether her Louis C.K. movie, “I Love You, Daddy,” should eventually be released: “No, I don’t think it should be. I think it should just kind of go away, honestly.”$
The EPA's Scott Pruitt had rejected the advice of his own agency staff when he refused last year to ban a pesticide called chlorpyrifos. Now a federal appeals court has ordered the EPA to ban the pesticide.$
We did some math. You can argue about it. But the facts are, the top fashion mag September covers are becoming more diverse.$
“These objects were magical objects. They protected the sacred space of the temple against outside evil forces.”$
Plane Is Stolen From Seattle Airport Before Crashing$
Breaking News: An airline employee flew a plane out of Seattle-Tacoma without authorization, the airport said. The plane crashed with no passengers on board.$
Unless the United States starts respecting Turkey’s sovereignty and proves that it understands the dangers that our nation faces, our partnership could be in jeopardy, says @RT_Erdogan$
8 new books recommended by critics and editors at The New York Times$
Brazil has beat its own record for homicides: 63,880 people were murdered across the country in 2017. That's an average of 175 people per day.$
You might be able to see the Perseids meteor shower this weekend. Here's what you need to know.$
A bomb squad was mobilized after a suspicious package fell from the sky with a note referring to President Trump. It ended up being part of a NASA experiment.$
Michael Avenatti Urges Democrats to Reject Michelle Obama’s Advice on Trump$
Michael Avenatti, in Iowa eyeing a 2020 presidential bid, urges a major Democratic audience to reject Michelle Obama's advice on Trump. "When they go low, I say hit back harder," he said.$
Top officials at the EPA pushed through a measure to review applications for using asbestos in consumer products, and did so over the objections of EPA’s in-house scientists and attorneys, internal emails show$
Almost everyone thought Eugene Parker was wrong. He never doubted he was right. Now he has a NASA spacecraft named for him.$
NASA is planning to launch the Parker Solar Probe in the early hours of Saturday morning. Here's what you need to know.$
NPR is criticized after white nationalist ranks the races by intelligence on air$
Fidelity introduced 2 new index mutual funds last week that have no fees whatsoever, taking the democratization of investing to a whole new level. So what's the catch?$
For Chinese officials, the financial is becoming political as thousands of investors lose their money$
Readers have asked about FOIA requests our journalists make. Two of our investigative reporters explain how recent requests on Brett Kavanaugh worked$
The Trump administration is planning to suspend examinations of lenders for violations of the Military Lending Act, which was devised to protect military service members and their families from financial fraud$
A look at the footprints of the largest California fires since 2000$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Trump hires people, gives them serious titles in the seat of executive power. Fires them, then his remaining aides are angry that reporters quote a former chief strategist/OPL official/etc$
Our reporters got a rare look inside a policy meeting at Twitter over how to make the social media service safer for users in the Infowars era$
British authorities appeared to change their minds, saying they may allow the 9-year-old chess prodigy, Shreyas Roya, and his family to stay in the country after all$
Modern Love: The journey began with one sentence: “I’m moving out.”$
Mick Mulvaney is weakening a critical consumer protection for active service members and their families the Obama administration used to punish predatory lenders, per CFPB documents.$
President Trump was hailed for saving an Indiana factory in 2016. Now morale is down, absenteeism is up and workers fear a shutdown is looming.$
An Oregon jury was asked to decide whether an F.B.I. agent lied about firing two shots at a roadblock in 2016 where a leader of a militia, LaVoy Finicum, was killed. Today they found him not guilty.$
Matthew Newton quit Jessica Chastain’s movie “Eve” after his history of domestic violence and assault was called out$
"Water treatment was applied" -- the clinical language of CIA cables, written or approved by the current CIA director, Gina Haspel, describing the torture of a Qaeda prisoner. The @NSArchive sued for them.$
Betsy DeVos, in her latest and most dramatic move to de-regulate for-profit colleges and universities, announced she will end a rule to force them to prove their graduates are getting decent jobs$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Experts at the British Museum helped identify and return a handful of artifacts looted from Iraq in 2003$
my family just went off to see "BlacKkKlansman," something you might also want to do this weekend. It's a really good movie. Here's my review.$
Montreal is giving Johnny Manziel his latest, and possibly last, chance to resurrect his once-promising football life$
New data is challenging the popular portrait of Trump voters$
A New York Times analysis found that many religious health care institutions will not perform certain procedures, but do not make that clear up front$
“It was too real, definitely, but I appreciated it. It’s crazy how accurate it was.” — a teenager on watching “Eighth Grade”$
Struggle with salary negotiations? Here’s how to become a pro, by ⁦@ACShilton⁩$
Here's your Friday playlist: Travis Scott, Aphex Twin, Cher covering Abba (again,) and more new songs$
This village in India has become a model of clean living. Here's more good news:$
In California, mandatory evacuations are, in effect, not mandatory. @tarangoNYT spoke with some of those who stayed.$
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was offered $10,000 by Ben Shapiro, a conservative blogger and speaker, to debate him. She likened the offer to catcalling.$
Which company did not erase posts and videos from Alex Jones? Take our news quiz.$
Zimbabwe’s recent elections were meant to usher in a new era after decades of oppressive rule. But has anything truly changed? We met Vincent, an ambitious college graduate who is desperate to leave. “Things are not working here.” https://nyti.ms/2MffOPD $
The NRA sued Gov. Andrew Cuomo last month. He saw it as an opportunity.$
Chloë Grace Moretz on whether her Louis C.K. movie, “I Love You, Daddy,” should eventually be released: “No, I don’t think it should be. I think it should just kind of go away, honestly.”$
“There is no map for the journey that we’ve been on," said Tom DeVries, president of the Willow Creek Association, opening #GLS18$
The Army has stopped forcibly discharging soldiers who were recruited through a program that offers citizenship to skilled immigrants in exchange for military service$
Whose economy is it, anyway? Better economic times did little to help Obama's approval rating. Now it's Trump's turn to try to grab on to the upturn.$
Twenty months after President-elect Trump intervened to keep Carrier's factory open, workers are no-shows and the assembly line sometimes grinds to a halt.$
To keep the base happy, a group of governors has:  
- Defended the federal health care law 
- Signed new gun control legislation 
- Stood up to President Trump when his words or policies aggrieved them 

All are Republican.$
Sign up here to get future installments of Gender Letter delivered to your inbox https://nyti.ms/2vCalc0 $
In the U.S., there are about 5,200 public statues depicting historical figures. Fewer than 400 are of women.$
Not sure what to do in NYC this weekend? We’ve got you.$
Trump said he would double the rate of tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from Turkey as its currency cratered$
The ride-hail cars that critics say are choking New York City’s streets have also brought much-needed relief to far corners of the city where just getting to work is a daily chore requiring long rides and multiple transfers$
2 former employees have sued Nike, claiming a culture of sexual harassment and gender bias at the company$
EPA staff members objected to the agency’s new rules on asbestos use, internal emails show$
Almost exactly a year ago, Omarosa Manigault Newman appeared at a National Association of Black Journalists convention in her role as White House aide. As @Yamiche reported, it didn't go well$
Recep Tayyip Erdogan blamed outsiders for Turkey's difficulties and insisted that Turkey would weather the current storm$
The morning after a handful of NFL players renewed their protests against social inequality and police brutality, Trump renewed his criticism of their actions$
"A few months after I began injecting testosterone, I discovered that one of the startling new privileges of my male body was that I could silence an entire room just by opening my mouth"$
Trump frequently used the N-word while he was the host of “Celebrity Apprentice” according to a new memoir by Omarosa Manigault Newman. She claims there are tapes to prove it.$
New: Details about how Facebook (Mark Zuckerberg, really) decided to ban Alex Jones/Infowars, the questions that remain, and where we go from here.$
The EPA's Scott Pruitt had rejected the advice of his own agency staff when he refused last year to ban a pesticide called chlorpyrifos. Now a federal appeals court has ordered the EPA to ban the pesticide.$
Kris Kobach will recuse himself from the count in the GOP race for Kansas governor. He has a slim lead, but also oversees state elections.$
At least four people, including two police officers, were killed after a shooting in Fredericton, the capital of the Canadian province of New Brunswick, the police said$
NATO ambassadors said that the American demand to get the agreement done before President Trump arrived in Brussels served to silence, for the moment, some of the squabbles within the alliance$
Scientists in Russia bred foxes that appear to take just as much pleasure in the company of people as your average golden retriever. Their genes offer clues to how dogs became our best friends.$
Maryland officials publicly lamented the masses of trash flowing into Chesapeake Bay — and blamed two states to the north$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2Mfdet4 $
Mike Pence called for Congress to allocate $8 billion for space security over the next 5 years. President Trump, for his part, tweeted: "Space Force all the way!"$
"For a mother not to know where her children are is so hard," said an mother from South Sudan, reunited with her children in Uganda after more than a year apart. "I didn’t know if I would ever see them again."$
The police referred to it as “an ongoing incident” and advised people to stay indoors.$
At least four people were killed in a shooting in Fredericton, the capital of the Canadian province of New Brunswick, the police said$
Asked if Melania Trump’s parents obtained citizenship through family-based immigration, sometimes called “chain migration,” their lawyer said, “I suppose. It’s a dirty — a dirtier word.”$
Kanye West told Jimmy Kimmel why he supports President Trump. Our late-night roundup:$
An assistant basketball coach at Wake Forest University was arrested after a man he punched over the weekend died of his injuries$
Political turmoil in Turkey and the country's escalating dispute with the Trump administration spilled into global financial markets on Friday$
New data is challenging the popular portrait of Trump voters$
Newly released cables provide at times graphic detail on the techniques the CIA used to interrogate Qaeda captives at a secret prison in Thailand that Gina Haspel oversaw$
The federal judge overseeing the trial of Paul Manafort sealed a transcript of a private discussion in front of his bench after prosecutors from the special counsel's office argued that they needed to protect an "ongoing investigation"$
She had lectured across China and the world to explain and celebrate Uighurs' varied traditions. Her research was funded by Chinese government ministries and praised by other scholars. Then she disappeared.$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2P2pBqW $
"No excuses anymore!" said a Unicef official on Twitter. "Does the world really need more innocent children's lives to stop the cruel war on children in Yemen?"$
Analysts on both sides said Israel and Hamas were trying to improve their negotiating positions for a longer lasting truce by letting their guns talk$
He's been called Britain's "greatest chess prospect in a generation." But when his father's work visa runs out next month, 9-year-old Shreyas Royal must return to India, according to Britain's Home Office.$
Taliban insurgents entered the southeastern Afghan city of Ghazni before dawn on Friday, and within hours they claimed to have much of the provincial capital under their control$
8 new books recommended by critics and editors at The New York Times$
"We will no longer be silent and we won’t let them win," said a designer who fought back tears as she spoke. "Abortion will be legal soon. Very soon."$
It was a "bloody big shark." An amateur fossil hunter stumbled upon a set of its teeth preserved along an Australian beach.$
U.S. officials pushed to finalize a NATO deal before last month's summit even began, to prevent President Trump from rejecting it$
Intense lobbying by the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives helped defeat a bill to legalize abortion in Argentina, but the campaign energized women’s rights groups across Latin America.$
"For a mother not to know where her children are is so hard." Over the last two years, 433 unaccompanied minors who fled as refugees into Uganda have been reunited with their parents. But there are thousands who have yet to find their families.$
Climate change used to feel like an issue that other people were dealing with, or that future generations would face. This summer? “It’s a shift we all are living together.”$
Public housing complexes in Hong Kong have become wildly popular Instagram destinations, drawing the ire of some residents$
"For a mother not to know where her children are is so hard," said an mother from South Sudan, reunited with her children in Uganda after more than a year apart. "I didn’t know if I would ever see them again."$
36 Hours in Boise (and beyond): Enjoy frontier charm, fine food, and — Basque culture?$
Why Won’t the Labour Party’s Anti-Semitism Scandal Go Away?$
A potential victim of the president’s tariffs: local newspapers getting whacked because of tariffs on Canadian newsprint. Case in point: Paul Ryan’s hometown paper.$
The Sinclair Broadcast Group had hoped to created a behemoth to rival Fox News. That effort appears to now be definitively at a close.$
Coach at Wake Forest Is Arrested After Punch Leads to Man’s Death in Queens$
Dave Brat was propelled to office by an insurgency. Now he faces one, from women. “We feel the change coming” one said.$
The EPA's Scott Pruitt had rejected the advice of his own agency staff when he refused last year to ban a pesticide called chlorpyrifos. Now a federal appeals court has ordered the EPA to ban the pesticide.$
How Rusal America — a Russian firm currently subject to Treasury Department sanctions — managed to win an tariff exclusion highlights the chaotic and unwieldy process surrounding President Trump’s tariffs https://nyti.ms/2OXYWv5 $
How to Be an Ace Salary Negotiator (Even if You Hate Conflict)$
How a random late-night Google search led to a wealth of new information about the early years of Langston Hughes$
As they adapted to life at sea, dolphins, manatees and sea lions lost an enzyme that helps defend against certain pesticides. A new study raises the possibility that these marine mammals may be particularly vulnerable to these chemicals.$
'The goal isn’t simply to hire more curators of color or to do more shows featuring diverse artists, but for museums to fundamentally alter the artwork they acquire and their approach to exhibitions' @whitneymuseum @MuseumModernArt @LACMA @mcachicago$
“We don’t want another candidate that just has a lot of experience,” said Michael Avenatti, Stormy Daniels's lawyer, who is considering a run against President Trump in 2020. “Democrats need to nominate somebody who can actually beat this guy.”$
Kris Kobach will recuse himself from the count in the GOP race for Kansas governor. He has a slim lead, but also oversees state elections.$
"Insecure" is back. Here’s what to remember for Season 3.$
A federal judge threatens Attorney General Jeff Sessions with contempt over deported asylum seekers$
President Trump has denounced what he calls "chain migration." His in-laws just became U.S. citizens by taking advantage of that program.$
If you are coming home for the first time after fleeing the wildfires ravaging California, please send us a video showing in real time what you're returning to.$
The pesticide industry, which had turned to the Trump administration for help, was dealt a major setback after a federal court ordered the ban of a widely used pesticide associated with harm to children$
Rashida Tlaib won a primary on Tuesday. She also lost a primary on Tuesday.$
Is America's military big enough? We took a look at the military's size and spending in 2017.$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Entrance to the remote compound near Amalia, New Mexico, where authorities found 11 malnourished children & remains of a boy. I explored the off-grid compound today, finding squalid living conditions, empty boxes of ammo & rifle manuals. Posting fotos in this thread$
U.S. officials pushed to finalize a NATO deal before last month's summit even began, to prevent President Trump from rejecting it$
At first he liberated a single shark tooth the size of his palm from a rock with his car keys. “It dawned on me when I found the second, third and fourth tooth that this was a really big deal.”$
In a major setback for pesticide industry, despite lobbying of Pruitt/Trump admin, a court today orders ban of chlorpyifos, a widely used pesticide (almonds, oranges, broccoli, etc) that EPA staff wanted off the market but Pruitt vetoed the move last year.$
Speaker Paul Ryan has hesitated to publicly criticize President Trump. As he nears his exit, he told us why: ”The pissing match doesn’t work.”$
Malcolm Jenkins raised his fist and Chris Long was there to support him. Two Miami Dolphins players knelt. It appears N.F.L. players are not ready to back down. https://nyti.ms/2KFuS4k $
Climate change used to feel like an issue that other people were dealing with, or that future generations would face. This summer? “It’s a shift we all are living together.”$
Initially reluctant Pentagon officials have lined up behind Trump's Space Force proposal and now say that they will do what they can to bring it to fruition$
“In the modern history of humanity," says an ecological activist, "it has never happened that an entire sea perished in front of the eyes of one generation.”$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
India's first Ikea is now officially open to the public, in the southern city of Hyderabad. If nothing else, people will probably try the food. (I personally enjoyed the 15-cent samosas and 15-cent frozen yogurt cones.)$
Kris Kobach's lead is cut in half as a counting error narrows Kansas governor primary$
In nearly 2 dozen letters Julia Sand advised, cajoled and scolded President Chester A. Arthur on policy matters large and small. And it appeared as though he listened.$
Asked if Melania Trump’s parents obtained citizenship through family-based immigration, sometimes called “chain migration,” their lawyer said, “I suppose. It’s a dirty — a dirtier word.”$
The Puerto Rican government (quietly) acknowledged that the hurricane death toll was likely more than up to 1,400, but still never publicly changed the official count from 64.$
Over the last week, Judge T.S. Ellis III, the judge presiding over the Paul Manafort trial, has sparred with prosecution and joked with the jury — his typical courtroom style, lawyers say$
Five adults are being investigated on suspicion of training children with weapons to further a “conspiracy to commit school shootings”$
Tame foxes may seem like irresistible pets, but they are nocturnal and not easily housebroken. Still, their genes offer tantalizing clues about how dogs were domesticated.$
Melania Trump's parents became citizens today. Asked if the Knavses had obtained citizenship through “chain migration,” their lawyer said, “I suppose. It’s a dirty — a dirtier word.”  My story w/ @ESCochrane up now.$
36 Hours in Boise (and beyond): Enjoy frontier charm, fine food, and — Basque culture?$
For years, men have made up the vast majority of public monuments in this country. A series of campaigns are now pressing for women to get their (monumental) due.$
The Puerto Rico government now acknowledges that more than 1,400 people died as a result of Hurricane Maria. But the official death toll is still 64.$
An opposition leader who challenged the results of Zimbabwe's recent election and accused the governing party of plotting to assassinate him has been arrested.$
How broad, and happy, is the Trump coalition? Data offers a more nuanced picture of supporters’ backgrounds and feelings about the president.$
How do you run for Congress while under indictment? A disgraced former representative who did just that has some advice for the recently indicted Rep. Chris Collins.$
"A few months after I began injecting testosterone, I discovered that one of the startling new privileges of my male body was that I could silence an entire room just by opening my mouth," writes Thomas Page McBee.$
A spokesman for the mosque led by the father of one New Mexico suspect says the idea that the suspects were training children as school shooters is "hearsay"$
Still, activists say the fact that the discussion of abortion came this far signals a shift in public opinion and is progress that cannot be undone https://nyti.ms/2vQyLOv $
But others say the lack of help intensifies suffering. “Suffering at the hospital, having to go through it alone because they don’t help you. It’s sad and ugly,” said a woman who looked for 20 weeks to have an abortion. https://nyti.ms/2vQyLOv $
For instance, we met a gynecologist in Salta who was opposed to performing abortions. “I don’t want to do abortions. I didn’t sign up for that.” https://nyti.ms/2vQyLOv $
Argentina is overwhelmingly Catholic and conservative. Many people, even those who are not religious, reject abortion on moral grounds. https://nyti.ms/2vQyLOv $
After more than 16 hours of deliberation, Argentina’s senate narrowly rejected a bill to legalize abortion. The vote gripped the nation as opposing camps fought to sway senators. We're in Argentina and spoke with people on both sides of the issue. https://nyti.ms/2MfvhPx $
A California court rejected Brock Turner's appeal to overturn his sexual assault conviction, saying it was "not persuaded" by his lawyer’s argument that he had sought only “outercourse”$
In the Paul Manafort trial, Judge T.S. Ellis has pushed the customary limits on how deeply a judge should insert himself into a trial$
A small but vocal portion of Chinese-Americans in California are mobilizing to support candidates that oppose affirmative action in education.$
“What we call an ‘extreme heatwave’ today we will simply call ‘summer’ in a matter of decades if we do not sharply reduce climate emissions."$
With colorful buildings and fanciful architecture, Hong Kong's public housing is popular with selfie-takers. But residents say the photographers are butting in to daily life.$
2 Sikh men have been assaulted in separate attacks in recent weeks in the same part of Northern California. The police called one a hate crime.$
Restaurant Review: Flynn McGarry, 19, the chef at Gem in Manhattan, shows glimmers of greatness$
Casey Legler was the first woman to sign to the men’s board at Ford Models, but that is far from the only interesting thing about her life$
He’s been called Britain’s “greatest chess prospect in a generation.” But when his father's work visa expires next month, the 9-year-old and his family must return to India$
Option A: Hit the last Uptown Bounce of the season. 
Option B: Catch a short play at Summer Shorts.$
A.O. Scott says "BlacKkKlansman" is one of Spike Lee's greatest films: "It’s an alarm clock ringing in the midst of a historical nightmare"$
A bus carrying children on a field trip in Yemen was hit by an airstrike the Saudi-led coalition describes as a "legitimate military operation." At least 29 of the children were killed.$
Melania Trump’s parents and their lawyer just arrived for their naturalization ceremony in Manhattan.$
A poet's late-night browsing of archived African American newspapers found 3 mentions of a baby Langston Hughes in 1901 - a year before his known birthdate. That led to more discoveries.$
They were flip sides of the same generation: Tiger Woods the two-seat Lamborghini, built for performance; Phil Mickelson the Subaru S.U.V., built for crowds$
A black man assaulted by a bicyclist using racial slurs wants other people of color to be aware of the risk of similar attacks during the upcoming white nationalist rally in D.C.$
On "Full Frontal," Samantha Bee saved her sharpest spears for Donald Trump Jr., who could be on thin legal ice over his June 2016 meeting with Russians at Trump Tower. Late-night roundup:$
"There is no question that without a local newspaper, no one is holding officials accountable and serving as the local archives," said the publisher of The Bryan-College Station Eagle in Texas$
The lead pastor and the entire board of elders resigned from Willow Creek Community Church, saying that they had made a mistake by failing to believe the women who accused the Rev. Bill Hybels of sexual harassment$
Lieutenant Marina Hierl is making history: "I wanted to lead a platoon. I didn't think there was anything better in the Marine Corps I could do."$
“I don’t know how he does it exactly, but if he never returned to my casino I would be a very happy man,” one casino director said. Dr. Jarecki's secret to beating roulette was more straightforward than you might think.$
Russia’s currency, the ruble, fell to its lowest dollar value in nearly two years, after the United States announced new sanctions against the country$
The Infowars app has thrived on Apple’s and Google’s app stores just days after the companies removed its content from other parts of their sites$
New Jersey Transit's shortages of trains and the engineers to drive them could persist into the fall$
"These new rounds of sanctions underscore that the Trump administration has one policy toward Russia, while Trump himself has his own personal policy," said a former American ambassador to Russia$
Three of the 12 boys who were rescued from a flooded cave in northern Thailand last month have been granted Thai citizenship, along with their coach$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2M8EJEB $
Saudi Arabia announced that it would no longer send its citizens to Canadian hospitals and that it would withdraw resident physicians from Canadian hospitals$
The Trump administration's decision to impose tariffs on Canadian newsprint is hastening the demise of local newspapers across the U.S.$
.@BretStephensNYT writes about the Sarah Jeong controversy, saying we are not the sum of our tweets$
Kris Kobach, who oversees elections in Kansas, finds himself in charge of a Republican gubernatorial primary that is far too close to call. The candidate holding the razor-thin lead? Kobach himself.$
Your daily @DealBook Briefing:

• Everyone wants to know where Tesla's cash will come from.

• Uber confronts a growth-stunting precedent.

• Trump's company gets a tax gift.
 $
Tribune Media ended its deal with Sinclair on Thursday, and said that it was suing the broadcast company for breach of contract$
New York became the first major American city on Wednesday to halt new vehicle licenses for ride-hail services, dealing a significant setback to Uber in its largest market in the United States$
"According to initial reports, 64 lives were lost. That estimate was later revised to 1,427."$
Those seeking pardons are watching as President Trump helps people with celebrity endorsements. And they are changing their strategy.$
A Cincinnati police officer stunned an 11-year-old girl with a Taser on Monday, the city’s Police Department said$
Most Syrians in Lebanon cannot move freely around the country. They are banned from some public parks and certain jobs. The small minority of Syrian children who attend school are largely separated from Lebanese children.$
Shahidul Alam, an acclaimed photographer, was taken to a court hearing barefoot, leaning on two officers for support and loudly proclaiming that he had been tortured in custody$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2AQWHa9 $
The internet trolls have won. Sorry, there's not much you can do. https://nyti.ms/2MdBj3n $
Israel and Hamas exchanged blows across the Gaza border as Egypt and the United Nations tried to broker a long-term cease-fire$
Paul Manafort is accused of laundering $18 million to pay for a lavish lifestyle in the United States. Here's how he allegedly spent the money.$
The government of Puerto Rico has quietly acknowledged that in all likelihood more than 1,400 people died in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria — a figure that is more than 20 times the official death toll$
Richard Jarecki, who made more than $1 million after developing a system to beat roulette through painstaking observation, has died$
"It's discouraging that Boris seems to believe that he can win the party leadership by appearing as an anti-Muslim bigot. That is dispiriting," the chairman of the Conservative Muslim Forum said about Boris Johnson$
Michelle Bachelet, a prominent women's rights advocate and the first woman to serve as Chile's president, has been picked to be the organization's next top human rights official$
What’s the difference between a McDonald's Happy Meal and a box of Coco Pops?
Beyond the obvious, one can be advertised to children on British television, and the other cannot.$
I wrote about the internet “mob,” and how that term serves to flatten online discourse: it equates genuine criticism with harassment campaigns, and conflates sincere stakeholders with cynical trolls$
Wine, tapas, dancing. In Spain, our 52 Places Traveler finds a tempo to match her own. "I just felt like myself."$
Argentina's Senate narrowly rejected a bill to legalize abortion, dealing a stinging defeat to a grass-roots movement that galvanized women's groups throughout Latin America$
Tourism is an increasingly important part of Lombok's economy. The earthquakes, though, may have temporary disrupted those plans.$
After the researchers studied a source of garnets in Thailand, evidence contradicted every standard geological explanation for the intricate tracks inside the gemstones. So they are floating another hypothesis: Perhaps what’s making the tunnels is alive.$
Boris Johnson’s Critics See a Populist Calculation in ‘Burqa Storm’$
Questions are swirling around Jaroslaw Kaczynski's health, the man who has steered Poland to the right. He has largely vanished from public view.$
stop please to look over the typically extraordinary and extraordinarily human photography of @TylerHicksPhoto and @dedecim.  If you have a few minutes more there's a deep caption in between.$
“I’m going to say the dairy cow enjoys it. It’s like going to the spa.”$
Argentina’s Senate Rejects Bill Legalizing Abortion$
Does Sacha Baron Cohen Understand Israel?$
Elon Musk’s tweet about taking Tesla private will go down as one of the most unorthodox takeover bids ever. But did it violate securities laws?$
Gov. Jerry Brown will be judged by whether he supports a legislative effort that would commit the state to running on 100 percent clean energy by 2045.$
An artist transformed a Chinatown alley into a blocklong asphalt mural, as part of a NYC program to create art-filled pedestrian spaces$
No cellphones, laptops or outside coffee allowed in the courthouse where Paul Manafort is on trial. So how do reporters cover it? Here's an inside look.$
Happy Meal Ad Is O.K. for Children, U.K. Regulator Says. Coco Pops Ad Isn’t.$
When it comes to online comments and what you can do to limit their toxicity, you only have a certain amount of power. The real leverage lies with the tech companies.$
Rules Won’t Save Twitter. Values Will.$
Virtually every scientist and forest management expert agreed that President Trump's tweet about the California wildfires was scientifically and factually inaccurate$
If a cow has an itch to scratch — what’s a cow to do? In a lot of places, nothing. But in some places, there’s the mechanical brush. https://nyti.ms/2OVY2zc $
ProPublica will fund investigative reporting projects by 7 local news organizations beginning next year$
What if a movie many see as a legitimate best picture contender — "Black Panther,” for instance — receives a nomination for the populist Oscar but not for best overall picture? Does that mean “Black Panther” and films like it are second-class citizens?$
Read our story from Sunday on Bill Hybels and his former assistant who says that in the 1980s, he sexually harassed her$
The lead pastor and the entire board of elders resigned from Willow Creek Community Church, one of the nation’s most influential evangelical congregations$
Wesley Bell, who will be the new prosecutor in St. Louis County, gained a national profile in the wake of the Michael Brown shooting and unrest in Ferguson, Missouri, 4 years ago.$
NEW: Lead pastor at @WillowCreekCC and entire board of 9 elders resign in front of congregation, apologizing for mishandling sexual harassment allegations against their founding pastor @BillHybels. Some members wept, some said it was the right move.$
"I would sit and whisper to this jaguar, outpouring all my emotions,” Alan Rabinowitz said, “and I promised that if one day I found my voice I would become their voice.” He did. Alan Rabinowitz, a major big cat conservationist,has died.$
If Sharice Davids prevails in November, she would represent several firsts in Congress$
“I will uplift you": Watch Rashida Tlaib’s stirring victory speech and see what put her on the path to becoming the first Muslim woman elected to Congress.$
"It boomerangs," Paul Ryan said of being too critical of President Trump. "He goes in the other direction, so that's not effective." He added, "The pissing match doesn't work."$
Hundreds of apartments would be made affordable over the next 75 years as part of a deal struck this week between New York City and the property’s owner, Richard Ravitch, a real estate developer who also served as lieutenant governor$
A day after Elon Musk said that he might try to convert Tesla into a private company, Wall Street banks raced to figure out how such a transaction might work and how they might get a piece of the action$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
LIVE NOW: The woman who filmed “BBQ Becky” joins @RachelSwarns and “Waking Up White” author Debby Irving for a disc…$
It happens repeatedly: White people calling the police on black people doing nothing wrong. But what happens when white people try to stop discriminatory behavior? Join us live with Michelle Snider, the white woman behind the #BBQBecky video, & @DebbyIrving at 9pmET on @nytimes$
“I’m going to say the dairy cow enjoys it. It’s like going to the spa.”$
I've spent much of the last year reporting on how Facebook spins up real-world violence.

Like FB itself, I thought of this as an "over there" problem for developing countries.

It now looks like I was wrong. We're just as vulnerable here in America.$
Asbestos in a crayon. Another carcinogen in a marker. A new report from a public interest group found toxic substances in some school supplies.$
The results of the Ohio special election are too close to call. Why did the Republican party have to fight so hard to defend this long-held House seat?$
Casey Legler was the first woman to sign to the men’s board at Ford Models, but that is far from the only interesting thing about her life$
Girls spend 50% more time on housework than boys--and boys get paid more than girls for it. Yes, it is 2018. 
A big reason there's still a gender gap in pay and division of labor in adulthood? We prepare girls for paid work, but not boys for unpaid work.$
Saudi Arabia has escalated its dispute with Canada, pulling its doctors from Canadian hospitals, suspending flights, and boycotting Canadian grain$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Elon Musk’s tweet about taking Tesla private will go down as one of the most unorthodox takeover bids ever. But did it violate securities laws?$
The New York City Council just approved a cap on Uber vehicles and other ride hail apps. It’s the first American city to limit Uber vehicles and to establish a mimimim pay rate for drivers:$
After the researchers studied a source of garnets in Thailand, evidence contradicted every standard geological explanation for the intricate tracks inside the gemstones. So they are floating another hypothesis: Perhaps what’s making the tunnels is alive.$
Fun fact: This story came to be after NYT Book Review editor @TinaJordanNYT stumbled on clips from the reviews in our archives$
1911:  After discovering that prisoners at Sing Sing have been reviewing books for their prison newspaper, the NYT reprints as many of their pieces as possible $
“You’re a lobster if you don’t read this one.” Some of the best book reviews we’ve ever read came from an unlikely place: a maximum security prison in 1911.$
Coming soon to a device near you: a @nytimes home page that highlights both what our readers feel is important to read, and what they want to read. https://open.nytimes.com/a-faster-and-more-flexible-home-page-that-delivers-the-news-readers-want-1522ff64aa86 …$
In a deep-blue Boston district, a progressive challenger and a longtime incumbent clash in a debate over the party's future leadership$
NY Rep Chris Collins has been indicted on insider trading charges involving his ties to the tiny Australian biotech Innate Immunotherapeutics. Here's a story I did last January about this odd little company and its powerful backers.$
Watch this week’s episode of “Internetting with Amanda Hess,” as she talks about the rise of the fembot$
Voice-controlled assistants like Siri and Alexa have feminine voices. The cyborgification of women online has created new standards to adhere to, ones that are increasingly costly and time-consuming to fulfill. https://nyti.ms/2OS5c7L $
Men have always been obsessed with the fantasy that they could give life to a woman instead of the other way around — Adam’s rib, Pygmalion’s statue and Andrew McCarthy’s “Mannequin.” The point is not just to create women but to control them. https://nyti.ms/2OV4wyj $
Breaking News: New York became the first big U.S. city to cap Uber and other ride-hail vehicles. The crackdown may prompt other cities to follow suit.$
Breaking News: The U.S. is imposing new sanctions on Moscow over the attempted assassination of a former Russian spy in England using a nerve agent$
After Cincinnati police used a Taser on an 11-year-old suspected of stealing food, the department is reviewing its policies, which allow the devices to be used on children as young as 7.$
From about age 7, a boy was abused by pedophiles who found him advertised online —by his mother and her boyfriend$
Hundreds of migrant workers chanted "We are not slaves" as they walked off tomato fields in  Italy to protest working conditions$
Comments are down on https://nyti.ms/w0c0wo . We're working on getting them back up as soon as possible. If you have feedback on our coverage that can't wait, you can send it to us here.$
Current Kansas secretary of state and Republican candidate for governor Kris Kobach declares a "tentative victory." He holds a razor-thin lead.$
Once recent study estimated that 4.6 million children live in homes with loaded, unlocked guns. The "End Family Fire" campaign wants to change that.$
Ultimately, the film included Asian screen royalty, breakout stars, newcomers and YouTube discoveries https://nyti.ms/2MhLfbU $
For a while, Chu was disturbed by casting controversies, particularly over the selection of a half-white actor for the male lead https://nyti.ms/2OT5hrO $
To assemble the cast, Jon M. Chu, the film's director, sent out feelers across 5 continents. “I wanted this to be the ‘Avengers’ of Asian actors.”$
Kevin Kwan, the author of the best-selling novel that inspired the film, said that even before the book hit stores, a producer suggested that he make the female protagonist white. He refused. https://nyti.ms/2OT5hrO $
Before "Crazy Rich Asians," the last time a major Hollywood film set in the present day showcased a majority Asian cast was a whopping 25 years ago$
What if a movie like "Black Panther," which many see as a legitimate best picture contender, receives a nomination for the populist Oscar but not for best overall picture?$
Facebook's role in social unrest and violence around the world may not remain an "over there" problem much longer$
No cellphones, laptops or outside coffee allowed in the courthouse where Paul Manafort is on trial. So how do reporters cover it? Here's an inside look.$
Breaking News: President Trump’s lawyers rejected Robert Mueller’s latest terms for an interview in the Russia investigation and are seeking a narrower scope$
The Pentagon’s failed campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan left a generation of soldiers with little to fight for but one another$
Tony Bullimore, an adventurer who survived for 4 days in an air pocket under his overturned sailboat while the world watched search-and-rescue efforts, has died at 79$
In an interview with @AsteadWesley, Wesley Bell said one of his goals as St. Louis County prosecutor would be to appoint a special prosecutor to handle police shootings. https://nyti.ms/2M6RrUj $
A reform-minded city councilor in Ferguson has unseated the prosecutor who oversaw the investigation into Michael Brown's 2014 death at the hands of police https://nyti.ms/2KCDMPT $
A reform-minded city councilor in Ferguson has unseated the prosecutor who oversaw the investigation into Michael Brown's 2014 death at the hands of police$
We’re not in Kansas anymore when it comes to tornadoes$
And find the full breakdown of Kansas's election results here$
Find the full Ohio Special Election results here$
Germany will turn away some refugees if they first registered in Spain. It's a sign of how much German politics have shifted since 2015, when Chancellor Angela Merkel welcomed more than a million migrants.$
After a big voting day, two key races remain undecided. In one, a Trump ally leads by just 191 votes. Here’s the latest from Ohio and Kansas.$
Sharice Davids, a lesbian and a Native American, won a key Democratic primary race in Kansas last night. She’s one of a record number of LGBT candidates this year.$
The fourth and final suspect in the killing of the rapper XXXTentacion is in police custody$
Ohio's 12th District race is too close to call, but the Republican candidate had the biggest drop in support in all the special elections since Trump was elected.$
Representative Chris Collins, a New York Republican who was an early supporter of Trump, was charged with insider trading$
Elon Musk is plotting the biggest ever attempt to take a company private, but it's unclear how he'll pay for it — or if it's really worth it$
Takeaways from Ohio, Michigan, Missouri, Kansas and Washington

1. Suburbanites are more fired up than rural voters
2. The revolution was not televised
3. Conor Lambs do not grow on trees
4. Women break through in governors’ races
5. A big night for labor$
The City Council in West Hollywood says President Trump's star on the Walk of Fame should be removed, citing his "disturbing treatment of women," among other reasons$
Virtually every scientist and forest management expert agreed that President Trump's tweet about the California wildfires was scientifically and factually inaccurate$
"You don't have to change who you are to run for office — and that is what this country is about," said Rashida Tlaib, who is poised to become the first Muslim woman ever elected to Congress$
Representative Chris Collins, a New York Republican who was an early supporter of President Trump, was charged with insider trading$
The Trump administration has sharply increased the number of migrants who fail their initial interviews for asylum, a new policy that critics charge will "eviscerate" asylum protections.$
Election results from 5 states$
Who is the "Manhattan Madam"?$
Organized labor has notched a hard-won victory as Missouri voters overrode a legislative move to curb union power$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2AR3fFB $
On his show, Alex Jones is using the moves against his business to raise money and encourage his followers to migrate to his Infowars website. He is also asking followers to donate to him — and buy his merchandise.$
5 takeaways from Tuesday's election results$
Two undercover detectives in New Jersey were ambushed by a gunman who walked up to their unmarked car at a red light and fired as many as 25 rounds at them, the police said$
Gretchen Whitmer, a former leader in the Michigan State Senate, captured the Democratic nomination for governor Tuesday night and will face off against the state's Republican attorney general, Bill Schuette$
The abortion vote in Argentina, a predominantly Catholic nation that is also the home of Pope Francis, is expected to reverberate throughout the region$
One of the most shocking aspects of the videos is what viewers can’t see: the 15 minutes in which the fighting and beatings are believed to have continued and neighbors reportedly heard desperate screams for help$
There was a time when the United States raised most of its federal revenue through tariffs. It ended 100 years ago, after World War I.$
Prosecutors cast Paul Manafort as the architect of a sprawling swindle. Defense lawyers portrayed Rick Gates as a thief, adulterer and liar.$
Paul Ryan spoke to @MarkLeibovich about his reasons for stepping down and what he really thinks of President Trump$
In Opinion

Op-Ed columnist @FrankBruni writes: "Democrats will move on from this contest with formidable energy and every reason to believe that Donald Trump is vulnerable"$
Michigan primary election results$
"Try to get a good night’s sleep," Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, told supporters who remained past midnight at a Topeka hotel as returns trickled in. "I don't know if I'll be sleeping much."$
Afghanistan's vice president and his guards are accused of rape and torture. But when they returned from exile, they were celebrated.$
Ohio special election results$
The Malaysian authorities charged Najib Razak with 3 counts of money laundering on Wednesday, the latest escalation in an inquiry involving billions of dollars diverted from a state investment fund$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2AOezTa $
Beachgoers in Alabama scared threatened seabirds away from their nests and used the eggs to decorate the sand, most likely killing hundreds of chicks, wildlife experts say$
In Ohio, suburbanites were more fired up than rural voters$
Jacinda Ardern has pledged that her newborn daughter would grow up to learn both English and the country's indigenous Maori language, which is battling for survival after years of decline$
In a terse and cryptic tweet, Elon Musk declared that he was ready to take Tesla private$
Gretchen Whitmer won the Democratic nomination for governor of Michigan, joining women in Georgia, Texas, South Dakota and elsewhere who are competing in November to lead their states$
They ventured into the Central African Republic as part of an investigation into the Kremlin's use of mercenaries to project power. Three days later, they were dead.$
A WHO official said that health workers can start administering an experimental Ebola vaccine in the latest outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo$
On Day 319 of a young American couple’s around-the-world biking journey, a Kazakh man stopped his truck and gave them ice cream. On Day 359, 2 girls met them at the top of a Kyrgyzstan pass with a bouquet of flowers. On Day 369, they were spotted by ISIS.$
Even at companies run by prominent women — where you would think that the glass ceiling had been shattered — why is their replacement hardly ever another woman? The answer is depressing.$
The battle between an American billionaire and a Russian tycoon for control of the English Premier League team Arsenal has finally been resolved$
Ikea is taking its brand to a whole new level as it opens its first store in India on Thursday$
How to Clean the Most Common Dog Messes$
A dispute over a talk by the head of a pro-independence political party may test the limits of free speech in Hong Kong$
The billion-dollar prison phone industry has drawn increased scrutiny in recent years. Now all calls in New York City from jail will be free.$
West Hollywood badly wants to remove President Trump’s star from the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
One problem: The star isn’t in West Hollywood.$
Donald Trump’s ‘look over there’ media strategy is a trap that keeps Democrats from focusing public attention on his bad policies, says Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign manager.$
"It boomerangs," Paul Ryan said of being too critical of President Trump. "He goes in the other direction, so that's not effective." He added, "The pissing match doesn't work."$
The rate of people 65 and older filing for bankruptcy is three times what it was roughly 25 years ago, a new study found$
“Let your voice be heard,” Rosie O’Donnell added. “Let the president know in no uncertain terms that we are alive, awake and we are woke. We are not going away.”$
Can I Ruin Your Dinner Party?$
Restaurant Review: Flynn McGarry, 19, the chef at Gem in Manhattan, shows glimmers of greatness$
Gretchen Whitmer, a former leader in the Michigan State Senate, captured the Democratic nomination for governor Tuesday night and will face off against the state’s Republican attorney general, Bill Schuette$
Cleveland Cavaliers engage in more Stadium Socialism. Team Owners of the World United, You have nothing to lose but the Public's Coin! My column:$
2 Undercover Officers in Camden Are Ambushed and Shot at Red Light, Police Say$
The body of a young boy was found at a compound in New Mexico where 11 malnourished children were discovered last week living without fresh water or plumbing, the authorities said$
Breaking News: A hotly contested House election in Ohio was too close to call. But a Republican’s slim lead gave his party little to cheer about.$
Plan to Punish Immigrants for Using Welfare Could Boost G.O.P. Candidates$
3 men were struck by lightning in Queens — and one was critically injured — as a thunderstorm swept over New York City, the police said$
Manafort and Gates are bludgeoning each other while each fights to stay out of prison.$
Ohio special election for Congress is too close to call$
Washington primary election live results$
Alabama beachgoers who descended on the breeding ground of a threatened seabird species scared adults away from their nests and used the eggs to decorate the sand, most likely killing hundreds of chicks, wildlife experts say$
Nearly 600,000 acres burned. More than 13,000 firefighters battling blazes. More than 2,300 members of the National Guard pulled into the fight.$
John James just won the Republican nomination for Senate in Michigan. Here's our story from last week about his campaign.$
USC's president resigned, less than a week after hundreds of professors issued a letter demanding that he step aside before classes begin this month$
Follow live election results:
Michigan: https://nyti.ms/2ORijWI  
Ohio:$
Breaking News: Gretchen Whitmer won the Democratic nomination for Michigan governor. In Ohio, a House election was exceptionally close.$
Snap, the maker of the Snapchat app, said it lost 3 million daily active users in the second quarter from earlier this year. It was the first time since the company went public that it had reported a decline in users.$
Automatic recount law Ohio: margin of .5% or lower$
Ohio special election live results$
Why the "Manhattan Madam" is ensnared in the Mueller inquiry$
Take it from someone who started out hating math, and went on to become a professor of engineering: Do your daughter a favor — give her a little extra math practice, writes @barbaraoakley.$
Live election results:
Ohio: https://nyti.ms/2ASab5m 
Michigan: https://nyti.ms/2ORijWI 
Kansas: https://nyti.ms/2AYzbrY 
Missouri:$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Danny O’Connor leads in Ohio's special election by 14 percentage points over Troy Balderson with 9% of precincts fully reporting.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/08/07/us/elections/results-ohio-special-house-election-district-12.html …$
Missouri primary election live results$
Michigan primary election live results$
Kansas primary election live results$
Ohio special election live results$
As customers shift to online banking, former bank branches are being reincarnated as fast-food outlets, funeral parlors and churches. But what to do with that vault?$
Who will win in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District? Keep this page open for live results when they come in.$
Here's a look at the most important primaries in Kansas, Michigan, Missouri and Washington, and a special election in Ohio$
First results in Ohio's special election are expected at 7:45. We'll have live updates here:$
Before he was a photographer, Bill Cunningham was a hat maker$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
An American couple found many moments of human kindness while cycling the world. Then came Day 369 in Tajikistan — and an ISIS-inspired attack.$
Tomorrow we are hosting a conversation with actress @LunaLaurenVeIez about her career, the role of Latinas in Hollywood and her upcoming film American Adrift . If you have questions for her, send them over and she will answer via live streaming during the event$
It took until this week for Boston, a city that prides itself on making history, to swear in its first African-American police commissioner$
As defense lawyers attacked his credibility, Rick Gates admitted to having an affair about a decade ago, but he denied using company money for his trysts. Live updates from the Paul Manafort trial:$
American culture perpetuates a largely negative view of black fathers. This book does the exact opposite. “Fathers” is a collection of images that is devoted to honestly portraying black masculinity and fatherhood. https://nyti.ms/2KBZTWJ $
Many baseball players consider their barbers close friends. So much so that one repeatedly flew his barber from DC to South Korea. Another in Seattle does so with his NYC based barber. On the tight bond between the two groups:$
Ikea is taking its brand to a whole new level as it opens its first store in India on Thursday$
Paul Manafort is accused of laundering $18 million to pay for a lavish lifestyle in the United States. Here's how he allegedly spent the money.$
In Turkey's dispute with the United States, nationalism trumps economics, for now$
In Opinion

Filmmaker Taylor Brodsky writes, “Do his father and I ask surgeons to drill into my son’s head and thread an electrode array into his cochlea, all for the sake of sound? We weren’t asking political questions. We were asking human ones.”$
From Siri to computer-generated models, sexy robots are all around us. And now we wonder, are actual human women starting to look a little bit unreal? https://nyti.ms/2ANMdrX $
Would your barber travel 7,000 miles to cut your hair? For some major league stars, flying in their go-to guy for a trim is a pregame ritual.$
Wine, Tapas, Dancing. In Spain, our 52 Places Traveler finds a tempo to match her own. “I just felt like myself.”$
President Trump said his tariffs would raise sufficient revenue to pay down the national debt. Math is not on his side.$
1. Twenty years ago today, al-Qaeda bombed the U.S embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, killing scores of people and inaugurating the era of global terror, where jihadists sought to kill Westerners and anyone allied with them at all four corners of the world.$
Trading of Tesla shares was halted after a tweet by Elon Musk about taking the company private sent the stock price soaring$
The Mendocino Complex Fire in Northern California has doubled in size in the past four days and now spans more than 283,000 acres, the largest fire in state history$
“This is a war on free speech.” In an interview, Alex Jones said the effort to limit his access to social media platforms was part of an elaborate plot to silence him.$
It’s another busy voting day. Here’s a look at what to watch: Ohio’s close House race, President Trump’s polarizing pick in Kansas and more.$
West Hollywood badly wants to remove President Trump’s star from the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
One problem: The star isn’t in West Hollywood.$
An Indonesian earthquake survivor dug his way out of a collapsed mosque, using only a piece of debris for 12 hours to escape. “I saved myself.”$
In Opinion

David French, senior writer for the National Review, writes that "tech companies don't have to rely on vague, malleable and hotly contested definitions of hate speech to deal with conspiracy theorists" like Alex Jones$
Saudi Arabia’s unusually harsh response to a Canadian complaint about human rights sent a clear message: Western criticism comes with a cost.$
California issued a scathing rebuttal to the Trump administration's plans to rollback car pollution rules, refuting the administration’s arguments point by point in a report$
Does Ludacris just go to Atlanta-area grocery stores and buy household staples for civilians in need? According to the internet: yeah, probably.$
Robert McCulloch, the longtime prosecuting attorney who handled the investigation following Michael Brown’s death in Ferguson in 2014, is facing his first competitive primary challenge in years. Here's the candidate who wants to unseat him.$
Rick Gates, who was long the right-hand man to Paul Manafort, is back on the stand testifying in Manafort’s trial on bank and tax fraud charges. Follow along for updates here:$
On Day 319 of a young American couple’s around-the-world biking journey, a Kazakh man stopped his truck and gave them ice cream. On Day 359, 2 girls met them at the top of a Kyrgyzstan pass with a bouquet of flowers. On Day 369, they were spotted by ISIS.$
"I want to draw them so they are not forgotten." A Syrian artist was jailed for her activism. Then she started sketching her fellow inmates.$
A German court convicted a mother and her boyfriend, a known pedophile, of sexually abusing her son beginning when he was about 7, and of selling him to other pedophiles over the “dark web”$
“Not since Robert Durst and ‘The Jinx’ has a defendant done such a good job of convicting himself publicly," said Jimmy Kimmel about President Trump's tweet$
BREAKING: @knightcolumbia asks Facebook to alter terms of service so journalists & researchers can create inauthentic accounts and use data scraping tools for news-gathering purposes ahead of midterm election -- sensitive after Russia, Cambridge Analytica$
Here is a look at some ways Donald Trump Jr. may be in legal jeopardy$
Rick Gates is set to resume the stand Tuesday morning in federal court, testifying in Paul Manafort’s trial on bank and tax fraud charges. Follow along throughout the day as we post live updates.$
Hard-right Republicans see Kris Kobach as a rising political star, and by civil libertarians have clashed with him for years$
A woman who once ran an upscale New York City escort service will appear before a grand jury in the Russia investigation, according to a person familiar with the matter$
"It boomerangs," Paul Ryan said of being too critical of President Trump. "He goes in the other direction, so that's not effective." He added, "The pissing match doesn't work."$
"Black dollars matter." Protests erupted after a brawl between black customers and Asian-American workers at a Brooklyn nail salon.$
Apple, Google, Facebook and Spotify erased most of the posts and videos on their services from Alex Jones, thrusting themselves into a fraught debate over their role in regulating what can be said online$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2AVFgp4 $
(1/2) Trump's Role in Crafting Misleading Response to Russia Meeting:
1. None.
2. Weighed in but did not dictate.
3. Dictated it.$
Here's a look at the most important primaries in Kansas, Michigan, Missouri and Washington, and a special election in Ohio$
Willow Creek Community Church announced that it plans to launch a new independent investigation into allegations that the Rev. Bill Hybels, the church’s influential founding pastor, sexually harassed female co-workers and a congregant over many years$
Rick Gates testified that he knew about what the prosecutors allege is a multiyear tax and bank fraud scheme by Paul Manafort because "I was the one who helped organize the paperwork"$
A Sikh man who was recently ambushed, beaten up and told to return to his country said he believed that the very thing that may have prompted the assault also protected him from further harm$
Republicans found themselves unexpectedly scrambling to hold a House seat in a special election in Ohio on Tuesday. The race has become a symbol of what may lie ahead for the party in the midterms.$
The Mendocino Complex Fire, which is burning northwest of Sacramento, has become the largest in modern state history, California's fire agency said$
No, this is not a printing error. When officials in Montgomery County, Maryland released information about what they offered Amazon for HQ2, they shared a 10 page document but every single line was redacted https://nyti.ms/2M63pxn $
He led a top-secret weapons-development unit and he was hard at work building an underground weapons factory. On Saturday, he was killed by a car bomb — apparently planted by Mossad, the Israeli spy agency.$
"These attacks literally came out of the blue,” said an official of an aid group. "We keep thinking that it cannot get any worse. But unfortunately we are wrong."$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2OQneHy $
North Korea released a South Korean citizen on Tuesday who was detained in the North last month, a rare humanitarian gesture welcomed by the South Korean government$
"People think twice about even buying an ice cream," said a shopkeeper in Tehran$
Students at several university campuses in Bangladesh clashed with police officers on Monday, as the government met what began as a students’ road-safety protest with escalating force and panic$
Two farmers from southern India become an overnight internet sensation after their entry in the Kiki Challenge dance contest explodes worldwide$
A few hours after he had gunned down 17 of his former classmates and educators, the Parkland shooter said he no longer wanted to live$
The government tried to ban it and cancel a talk by its founder. Now, the Hong Kong National Party is one of the city's most discussed political topics.$
Rick Gates testified that he and Paul Manafort were involved in criminal activity together. He also said that he and Manafort held 15 foreign bank accounts that were not disclosed to the federal government.$
“Before, we lived with security," says an unemployed machinist in Nicaragua. "But it exploded like a bomb.”$
Two Indian farmers have grooved their way to global fame by performing the Kiki Challenge alongside their oxen$
A generation of Chinese is coming of age with an internet that shuts out Google, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram$
A fire raging in Northern California has become the largest in modern state history, the state's fire agency said$
If capitalists are worried about what's driving the rise of socialism in America, they need to look in the mirror$
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.$
Venezuela's president has seemed to defy gravity in his ability to hang on through a string of disasters – which now includes an alleged assassination attempt$
In the span of less than three hours, 30 people were shot in Chicago over the weekend, an average of one every five minutes or so. It began at 12:02 a.m. when two men in a passing white Impala fired shots into the crowd at a block party. Four wounded.$
"It’s the 'Being John Malkovich' of apps"$
Mendocino Complex Fire in California Is Now Largest in Modern State History$
No, this is not a printing error. When officials in Montgomery County, Maryland released information about what they offered Amazon for HQ2, they shared a 10 page document but every single line was redacted https://nyti.ms/2OPd8qj $
Our @andrewrsorkin asks: Even at companies run by prominent women — where you would think that the glass ceiling had been shattered — why is their replacement hardly ever another woman?$
Trump has accused California of mismanaging water to fight the wildfires. California officials disagree. "We have plenty of water to fight these wildfires, but let’s be clear: It’s our changing climate that is leading to more severe and destructive fires."$
Margaret Heckler, Health Secretary Ousted From Reagan’s Cabinet, Dies at 87$
Imagine accepting a [spoiler] from some guy who [spoiler] without knowing about his [spoiler]! $
The billion-dollar prison phone industry has drawn increased scrutiny in recent years. Now all calls in New York City from jail will be free.$
Paul Laxalt, U.S. Senator From Nevada and Reagan Confidant, Dies at 96$
A complete accounting of the shifting story on the Trump Tower Russia meeting.$
A top Syrian rocket scientist was killed by a car bomb this past weekend that was apparently planted by Mossad, the Israeli spy agency$
Four years ago, Senator Rand Paul called Russia “a rogue nation” to be isolated. Now, in Moscow, he advocates “diplomacy, engagement and communications.”$
A new tick species has arrived in the United States. For now, it's considered a greater threat to livestock than people.$
NEW: Willow Creek Church says it will launch a new independent investigation of Its founding pastor, Bill Hybels. Critics wonder independent it will be.$
A generation of Chinese is coming of age with an internet that shuts out Google, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram$
In the search for a missing 4-year-old boy from Georgia, the authorities raided a makeshift underground compound in New Mexico. They found 11 malnourished children living without fresh water or plumbing.$
The age women have babies varies sharply by education and geography, putting children on diverging economic paths. These maps show the stark gap.$
President Trump said Don Jr's actions were "totally legal" and Jay Sekulow claimed "nobody's pointed" to a law he may have violated e.g. with the Trump Tower meeting with Russians. Here's an explainer on Don Jr's legal troubles.$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
In a dry area where water barely exists, these fish are making tides in biological research$
In Opinion

Op-Ed contributor Margaret Renkl writes, “Menopause has made me invisible, and I love being invisible”$
I was deeply disturbed by The Nation's decision to apologize for a poem, which threatens a value that is precious to a free society: the freedom to publish views that may be offensive to some readers. Grace Schulman, former poetry editor, weighs in.$
Scientists are tackling the problem of plastic waste, seeking economical ways to alter polymers to create compostable products$
The rate of people 65 and older filing for bankruptcy is three times what it was roughly 25 years ago, a new study found$
Joël Robuchon, an endlessly inventive French chef who earned a record number of Michelin stars by recasting French haute cuisine in a personal style that emphasized intense flavors and precise technique, has died at 73$
You GOT to watch this. Pure joy. Indian farmers showing the world how to groove in the Kiki Challenge. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/06/world/asia/india-kiki-challenge-oxen.html …$
A biology teacher from Cincinnati set a new speed record for a west-east crossing of the Atlantic Ocean by rowboat after coping with a dozen capsizes, damaged electronic navigation and difficulties eating$
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day$
Here’s a closer look at Kris Kobach’s ascent from a suburban city councilman to a polarizing political crusader$
In Manhattan and SF, typical new mothers are 32. In much of rural America and the South, they're 22. The result is they're living very different family lives -- and their children might be headed for very different economic futures. w/ @qdbui:$
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.$
"What if I told you the best grilled pork chop in the world is actually not a chop at all, but sliced pork shoulder?"$
Joanna Coles, one of Hearst's top executives and a former editor of Cosmopolitan, leaves after a new president is named$
Breaking News: At Paul Manafort's trial, his protege Rick Gates said they'd committed a wide variety of crimes and held 15 secret bank accounts abroad.$
Rick Gates testified that he and Paul Manafort were involved in criminal activity together. He also said that he and Manafort held 15 foreign bank accounts that were not disclosed to the federal government.$
“We have plenty of water to fight these wildfires, but let’s be clear: It’s our changing climate that is leading to more severe and destructive fires,” said Daniel Berlant, assistant deputy director of Cal Fire, the state’s fire agency.$
On Sunday, a man jumped out of a freezer, screamed “Away Satan” and attacked restaurant workers in Manhattan. On Monday, law enforcement said he was also suspected of killing two men in Boston in 1988 on the orders of a drug kingpin.$
A bulletproof granola recipe for anyone with a rimmed baking sheet and an oven$
Paul Manafort’s former aide Rick Gates is now testifying against him. He’s considered the most important witness in Manafort’s fraud trial.$
Trump has accused California of mismanaging water to fight the wildfires. California officials disagree. "We have plenty of water to fight these wildfires, but let’s be clear: It’s our changing climate that is leading to more severe and destructive fires."$
In the 2 years since Pierpaolo Piccioli became Valentino's creative director, the fashion house has been leavened with a particular ease and modernity$
With a challenge from Rick Scott, Senator Bill Nelson, a three-term incumbent, has been pushed into the unexpected position of underdog in one of the most closely watched Senate races of the midterms$
The Trump administration could potentially waste billions of dollars on a border wall because it failed to fully account for factors like varying terrain and land ownership along the Southwest border$
A marker honoring Emmett Till in Mississippi was shot over a hundred times.
35 days after it was replaced, it was shot at again.
“It’s hatred. It’s all I can say.”$
Trump. Pence. Kasich. Millions of dollars in TV ads. All to stop a 31-year-old Democrat in a special election in Ohio on Tuesday.$
The age women have babies varies sharply by education and geography, putting children on diverging economic paths. These maps show the stark gap.$
Americans are far less likely today than 40 years ago to say they trust the government to do what is right or to look out for people like them. At the same time, the share of Americans relying on forms of government assistance has risen.$
Is capping Uber the right choice for New York? We want to hear from you.$
Dozens killed. Thousands homeless. A look at the aftermath of the devastating earthquake that hit the Indonesia resort island of Lombok. https://nyti.ms/2M8GCRE $
A new tick species has arrived in the United States. For now, it's considered a greater threat to livestock than people.$
Republicans were hesitant to select a candidate as polarizing as Kobach because it may give Democrats an opportunity to take back the governorship in Kansas$
When their dog took ill in the midst of an apartment hunt, a backyard became a must, even if it cost more$
No, this is not a printing error. When officials in Montgomery County, Maryland released information about what they offered Amazon for HQ2, they shared a 10 page document … with every single line redacted https://nyti.ms/2OL7rcV $
2 years after Harvard said it would penalize students who joined fraternities, sororities and finals clubs, Zeta Phi, the Cambridge chapter of Delta Gamma, is shutting down. 
It’s the first campus group to close entirely in response to Harvard’s policy.$
President Trump has backed Kris Kobach in his race to be governor of Kansas. it was a move that Republican governors and some of Trump's aides tried to avert.$
She became the first female CEO to lead PepsiCo and the 11th woman to lead a major company. Now, after 12 years, Indra Nooyi is stepping down, making her the latest in a series of female executives to leave their positions in recent months$
Private polling for both parties shows colossal enthusiasm gap – Dems are excited to vote, Republicans aren't

And O'Connor has tried to chip away at the center-right with broadly popular themes like "new leadership" & protecting Medicare/Social Security$
Apple, Facebook and Spotify removed large portions of content posted by the right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and Infowars$
Many elderly patients never quite recover from a hospital visit. Why?$
In Opinion

Op-Ed contributor Margaret Renkl writes, “Menopause has made me invisible, and I love being invisible”$
Are you a newly employed worker who has recently capitalized on this job growth? Are you a worker who is still looking for a job? We want to hear about your job search and, if you’ve found a new position, how it compares with your old one.$
Ever had a "ghost boss"? What about a "sea gull"? Here's how to deal with all kinds of awful bosses.$
Beyoncé: "If people in powerful positions continue to hire and cast only people who look like them, sound like them, come from the same neighborhoods they grew up in, they will never have a greater understanding of experiences different from their own."$
The story of Maria Butina: An accused Russian agent who charmed a Russian official, a Republican operative and a Rockefeller heir$
"There was a breathtaking quality to President Trump's attack, and not just because white men demeaning the intelligence of black people is one of the oldest and ugliest tropes in American history," @powellnyt writes$
Breaking News: The U.S. will restore sanctions on Iran, raising tensions and deepening a divide with Europe after withdrawing from the nuclear deal$
A small plane crashed in the parking lot of a strip mall outside of Anaheim on Sunday, killing all five people on board, the authorities said$
The lead preaching pastor at ⁦@WillowCreekCC⁩ resigned yesterday after reading this article. Pastor ⁦@steveryancarter⁩ decided minutes before  going onstage at Sunday services to interview ⁦@iraglass⁩ of ⁦@ThisAmerLife⁩$
Two Indian farmers have grooved their way to global fame by performing the Kiki Challenge alongside their oxen$
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day https://nyti.ms/2KuFpPI $
"Attending games at the stadiums can feel like a tailgate party that rolls right into the stands before turning into an aerobic workout." https://nyti.ms/2O9IVkH  @stevenleemyers takes us right into the hot and noisy pit of fun that is baseball in Taiwan$
